# Project Proposal

For our project we intend on looking at jumping and classifying the quality of jumps of these jumps. The goal is to show the user if there is an improvement of quality of jumps. Divakar does jump training to increase his vertical jump and thought this would be a beneficial way to record his jumps. So we both decided to record the quality of the jumps. We have recorded data using the accelerometer function on sensor logger. We have collected ten sets of five to six jumps to see the quality of each jump.  We then decided to further visualize the code in VSCode through matplotlib. We then read in the data files and created notebook files to create visualizations of the data. But first we wanted to get rid of unnecessary frequencies. Because of this, we applied a low pass butterworth filter through the data we recorded to keep the peaks while filtering out noise. Since we are collecting the data ourselves, we intend on working more with preparing and cleaning the data than focusing on working more on the decision tree. Part of this preprocessing will include identifying what parts of the data count as jumps and then figuring out the distance of each jump depending on the length between peaks. We want to classify the jumps between the two options. The two options are the “good jump” and a “bad jump". We will classify a good jump compared to a bad jump based on a predetermined threshold; So if a jump is below the threshold it’s classified as bad and if it is above the threshold its classified as good. As of right now, we need to collect more data so we are still in the process of collecting data. We would like to collect additional data for bad jumps and even some more data on good jumps so that we can be able to distinguish the two. We will be collecting many samples of data that way we have enough to even train a tree on. From here, we need to prepare more code to record the data. We intend on using a moving window to study the data. We intend to also create a sensor logger python file to see the jumps in live action, that way the user can tell real time how good their jump was and improve their performance. From here, we would like to see if we can test the decision tree to see the bad jumps and the good jumps live. Overall, we hope to finish the project with a functioning decision tree that can classify our jumps as good jumps or bad jumps.